What were you doing there?
Ye Chen, this man
I want to see for myself how humiliated he is
And modesty
I want to see his face when he chooses the wrong man
OK
I'll take you there.
Thank you for being here.
Today is Miss Hot Snow's birthday
Happy birthday miss yan
Miss Yan is so beautiful
As expected of a beautiful woman in Jinliang
Isn't this Young Master Su's fiancee?
This Ye Chen won't want to rob Su Shao of a woman, right?
Is it that exciting?
Miss Yan, do you remember your bet with me?
If you do three things, you will marry me.
I have already booked this top floor
So what?
No, there are two more things?
This
It's the contract for the power generation project.
You see it's true
How is that possible?
How do you manage it?
This is my strength.
Who is this Yechen?
Never heard of it before
Miss Yan, I did it
Should you keep your promise?